Big sister, this guy is stunned
You're lazy, that's it
Let's just go.
Li is discouraged and still has spicy hands.
I'm worried.
Li Yang, don't worry.
Didn't I say it, as long as I'm here
Everything is fine.
You just stay here and watch
See how I avenge you
It's Daji
You stinky woman
Remember me
I won't let you go.
What are you?
Even if your father Zhao Tianba
I don't dare to be presumptuous in front of the eldest sister
Joke
Do you think my father would be afraid of a woman like you?
Do you think he is the eldest sister of Red Star?
Oh, is Red Star great?
Of course, the Red Star Consortium is famous
No one knows the whole river city
The big sister of Red Star
National Color Tianxing
Wrist sky
Who dares to provoke him in the entire Jiang City?
I also tell you
My dad and Hou County's White Tangtang Soil are dead
Traffic police, let me go now
To avoid getting burned
What is the taste of sugar?
To be friends with trash like you
Hahahaha
This is courting death
Even the White Sugar Hall Master of Houxiang dared to make up a book
Even the gods can't save you now, right?
Do you know that white sugar is great?
Red Star People on Jiangcheng
I'd rather see
Who dares to be in the unknown of the big sister of Red Star?
White Sugar Hall is making wild remarks